to film drummers rustling cats
here is spam Roberts
and hype girl Katie linendoll
Hylton and Erie that's brand-new
hey what my favorite right on the lake
like favorite hotel and they actually
tweet about it tweeted about it actually
Erie PA love yes we'll take it
absolutely
we know that voice anywhere here on
radio row it's on radio row right yeah
at WrestleMania fan access damien mizdow
is here with yours truly Sam Roberts and
Katie linendoll
what's the haps Damien you know just
kickin it about you I'm kickin it as
well alright luckily did you think
cuz damien mizdow I mean damien sandow
was a very popular character when you
hit your peak as as damien sandow did
you think damien mizdow would get as
positive a response as it's gotten it's
one of the hottest things in the company
you know what every time i do something
i dive headfirst into it and i do not go
any less than with everything I have so
I kind of half did expect it that is
that I actually think it would be to the
heights that it is now I don't even
think I could have predicted that you
know it especially like when you look at
what I'm doing the fact that it's even
being haired on television there's kind
of an anomaly in and of itself but it's
it's great and I love doing it and you
know love being a fan favorite and
everything like that and how did you
want to told you you have a striking
resemblance to Art Garfunkel it's been
said yeah I think you probably said it
like two years and I think I did but you
can be here stunt double that's
fantastic I would do that so is that is
that the way you kind of are working the
character out now that just the more
absurd the better let's see what I can
get away with this week well I won lied
to a degree yes but uh it's also you
know kind of I think I have my finger on
the pulse of what the WWE Universe would
like to see out of this character so
it's it's a constant evolution you know
if you look at mizdow and we first
started as two mizdow now there's been a
constant change and it's constantly
evolving and morphing
and it's just a great great place for me
to be in you always been a funny dude I
mean I I to me it's no because I've
always been someone though like when I
go out there you know one of the things
I've always prided myself in is whether
they were booing me or laughing or
cheering like they've always been doing
something and they're not quiet and
there's a lot of guys out there that
they get that quiet sometimes and that's
just not what I'm about so when did you
come up with the the concept that you're
gonna start making the moves that means
is doing in the ring on the spot just
you just did it one night you did it one
night and they reacted well to it and
like well I guess we probably do some
more that and we did so yeah have you
done anything like that where people
have afterwards said what are you doing
out there nobody told you to do that
I've been very lucky they've given me a
lot of freedom and you know I've tried
to make the most of it so yeah Prabha
question you get asked a lot is pre
miz-dow what was your favorite of all
those to play I like the interpretive
dancer yeah so could you get to keep the
suit no actually the suit I don't know
what happened or whatever came with a
suit but but it was definitely worth
more memorable things I've done when you
do you get down and out at all about
your career because it's gone up and
down right now you're at a huge upswing
before this you were down then you've
been up before you know when you got the
Money in the Bank briefcase it's like
you're one of the top guys on the card
then you lose the briefcase you dip down
then you come back up when you're
dipping down are you kind of like you
know well you know it's funny I think if
you look at my career more than any
other superstar I mean I've been all
over the map yeah you know and then the
short time I've been here it has it has
been like up down up and you know what I
take it one day at a time
and there is nothing that anyone can
throw at me that I will not think my way
out of that I will not perform my way
out of if given the opportunity and and
that's pretty much my attitude so it is
whatever you at this point whatever you
throw at me it's my job just going I'm
gonna make it work yeah I make this art
garfunkel thing working
exactly like a bridge over troubled
waters right right that's exactly right
talk about the atmosphere here at mania
is it a totally different stage it's
amazing to see the fans just I mean they
wait outside the hotel for you guys and
you just get like it's like pounced on
it's it's pretty awesome though at the
same time it is what it is you know what
if it wasn't for the fans there would be
no Wrestlemania absolutely it's you know
I'm never gonna refuse an autograph for
a picture with anybody that's just
that's part of our job do you like
playing characters that you kind of get
lost in entirely because it's probably
the third time we've spoken and the
first time that you're speaking to me
out of character yeah you know what I I
lose myself in every character and and I
think in order for a good execution of a
character that's what you have to do you
know and it was funny like every was oh
you know you're a good actor you should
get in acting you should act you should
act and I I've never acted a day in my
career I've always reacted I've
understood the character that I am and
I've you know before entering into any
situation you know I try to have a
thorough understanding and if not I fake
it so I react you know I mean you react
to situations as opposed to trying to
play something so that's just what I've
always done would you have loved with
Cena Miz mizdow at mania well again it's
his personal assistant I don't have no
idea what I would do anything to fair
that's that's a fair point falling into
it again but is it when you're paying
attention like you said you take it one
day at a time but do you pay attention
to the rise of this popularity and are
you thinking to yourself at some point
you know this payoff has to happen and
we can't wait too long do you do you
pressure yourself at all no stuff like
you don't know not at all it's not your
job
exactly it's my job to go out there and
be me and you are you exactly let the
chips fall where they may
right well listen Sandow I'm glad you
stopped buying gonna show him something
on my phone hey Dina was dedicated to me
better better wait for it better I tweet
this out regularly all right I'm just
saying she gave up to the upside down in
there
so I'm gonna go into my favorites here
yes technically you could see that logo
being upside down Katie on your thumb
the WWE logo yeah yeah here we go yeah
this is my if things don't work out so
I'm a big into the tech scene you can
upstage me any day maybe showing a photo
of more than my I get for myself thank
you and I mean all you have to do is
just help me test gadgets thank you just
take me up on it and linen dao actually
works yeah yeah well damien linen down
thank you for hanging out with us hey
good luck at wrestlemania thank you nice
all right